Channel autocomplete supports private channels (#5315)
mattermost/docs: source/messaging/channels-basics.rst

Let teammates know when they're needed by typing ``@username``.

Link to Channels
----------------

> Create a link to a Public Channel in a message by typing ``~`` followed by the channel name (e.g. ``~roadmap``). From Mattermost v6.2, channel members also see Private Channel names in the list of channels.

Author: ```suggestion
Create a link to a Public Channel in a message by typing ``~`` followed by the channel name (e.g. ``~roadmap``). From Mattermost v6.2, channel members also see Private Channel names returned.
```

Let teammates know when they're needed by typing ``@username``.

Link to Channels
----------------

Create a link to a channel by typing ``~`` followed by a channel name that you can enter or select.

.. tip::
  

>   Customers using Mattermost v6.1 or earlier can specify Public Channels only. Customers using Mattermost v6.2 or later can specify both Public and Private channels. 

Reviewer: @cwarnermm aren't the docs normally updated to reference the latest version unless it's something major like the v6.0 layout. 

I really want us to avoid putting all these version statements in the docs for monthly product changes

>   Customers using Mattermost v6.1 or earlier can specify Public Channels only. Customers using Mattermost v6.2 or later can specify both Public and Private channels. 

Author: Fair point, @esethna. The original draft text wasn't adding value. I've reworked this update based on your feedback. I've simplified the version statement for customers on older Mattermost releases.
